c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\MiguelDesafioTecnico.dll.config
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\MiguelDesafioTecnico.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\MiguelDesafioTecnico.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\obj\Debug\MiguelDesafioTecnico.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\obj\Debug\MiguelDesafioTecnico.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\itextsharp.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\Rotativa.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\bin\itextsharp.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\obj\Debug\MiguelDesafioTecnico.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\obj\Debug\MiguelDesafioTecnico.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\obj\Debug\MiguelDesafioTecnico.Migrations.InitialCreate1.resources
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiguelDesafioTecnico\MiguelDesafioTecnico\obj\Debug\MiguelDesafioTecnico.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
